# ARTS
- Algorithm：一个leetcode 算法题
- Review：点评一篇英文技术文章
- Tip：学习一个技术技巧
- Share：分享一个技术观点和思考

## Algorithm

[question]

[29. Divide Two Integers](https://leetcode.com/problems/divide-two-integers/)




[answer]

```cpp


```


## Review

[source]



[review]



## Tip
**OC property vs ivar**

1.ability

- @property 能做到但 ivar 做不到： 
  - nonatomic 和 copy

- ivar 能做到但 @property 做不到：
  - @protected: public on subclasss, private outside
  - @package: public on frameworks on 64 bits, private outside. Same as @public on 32 bits.
  - Qualifiers. For example, arrays of strong object references: `id __strong *_objs`

2.performance

ivar 性能更好：虽然 property 可以通过 nonatomic 不用 lock，但 ivar 跳过了很多方法，还是更快。

影响 property 性能的原因：

- As already discussed, sending a message to do a load/store is **slower than just doing the load/store inline**.
- Sending a message to do a load/store is also **quite a bit more code** that needs to be kept in i-cache: even if the getter/setter added zero extra instructions beyond just the load/store, there'd be a solid half-dozen extra instructions in the caller to set up the message send and handle the result.
- Sending a message forces an entry for that selector to be kept in the **method cache**, and that memory generally sticks around in d-cache. This increases launch time, increases the static memory usage of your app, and makes context switches more painful. Since the method cache is specific to the dynamic class for an object, this problem increases the more you use KVO on it.
- Sending a message **forces all values in the function to be spilled to the stack** (or kept in callee-save registers, which just means spilling at a different time).
- Sending **a message can have arbitrary side-effects** and therefore
  - forces the compiler to reset all of its assumptions about non-local memory
  - cannot be hoisted, sunk, re-ordered, coalesced, or eliminated. 
- In ARC, **the result of a message send will always get retained**, either by the callee or the caller, even for +0 returns: even if the method doesn't retain/autorelease its result, the caller doesn't know that and has to try to take action to prevent the result from getting autoreleased. This can never be eliminated because message sends are not statically analyzable.
- In ARC, because a setter method generally takes its argument at +0, there is no way to "transfer" a retain of that object (which, as discussed above, ARC usually has) into the ivar, so **the value generally has to get retain/released twice**.



## Share


